Robert White
is a British sailor. He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Miguel Casellas
is a Puerto Rican sailor. He competed in the 470 event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Sultan Awad Deria
was a Somali ruler and the tribal chief of the Habr Yunis during the late nineteenth-century. Awad was among the youngest sons of Sultan Diiriye who had a total of eighteen sons from five wives.

Mark John Russell
is an English former first-class cricketer. Russell was born at Lincoln in December 1970.

Serena Connolly
is a scholar of Ancient Roman history, with a research focus on Roman Social History and Latin literature. Connolly received a B.A. from Cambridge University in 1998.

Gerrit Walther
is a German historian. Born Kiel, Walther studied literature, history and philosophy at the Goethe University Frankfurt from 1980 to 1986 and completed an editorial training course at a daily newspaper.

Kim Dae-yeong
is a South Korean sailor. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, the 2000 Summer Olympics, and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Lanxangia
is an Asian genus of plants in the ginger family. Species have been recorded from southern China to Indo-China.

Diana Glen Horvath
is an Australian medical doctor, researcher and administrator and the first female chair of the National Health and Medical Research Council. Horvath graduated from the University of Sydney with a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery in 1968.

Lerista
miopus is a species of skink found in Western Australia.

Ben Grass
is a British Film producer and entrepreneur. He is the founder of film and television production company, Pure Grass Films.

Sagar Vidhan Sabha
seat is one of the seats in Karnataka Legislative Assembly in India. It is part of Shimoga Lok Sabha seat.

Edward Drew
was an Anglican priest in England during the late 17th and early 18th centuries. Drew was born in Devon and educated at Exeter College, Oxford.

Haim Tukachinsky
was an Israeli Jewish Orthodox pianist, composer, conductor and musical director. Haim Tukachinsky was born in Haifa and grew up in Kiryat Motzkin.

Giannis Sourdis
is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie D club Cjarlins Muzane, on loan from Udinese.

Hans Mehren
is a Norwegian sailor. He competed in the Flying Dutchman event at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Andrena
ovatula is a Palearctic species of mining bee.

Lewis County High School
is a public grade 9-12 high school located in Vanceburg, Kentucky. The school is operated by Lewis County Schools and is the sole public high school for Lewis County, Kentucky with a population of 13,870.

Robert Whitehurst
is an American sailor. He competed in the 470 event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Baden
is a rural locality in the local government area of Southern Midlands in the Central region of Tasmania. It is located about south-east of the town of Oatlands.

GCIRS 16SW
, also known as S97, is a contact binary star located in the Galactic Center. It is composed of two hot, bright and massive stars of equal size that orbit each other with a period of 19.5 days.

Jeremias Carlos David
is a Dutch footballer who now plays for NWC Asten in his home country. Carlos David started his senior career with Helmond Sport in the Dutch Eerste Divisie, where he made sixteen appearances and scored zero goals.

Maidenhair
is a 1974 painting by the American artist Andrew Wyeth. It depicts a young bride-to-be sitting alone in the Old German Meeting House in Waldoboro, Maine.

Carlford Division
, Suffolk is an electoral division of Suffolk which returns one county councillor to Suffolk County Council. Robin Vickery, the Conservative County Councillor resigned on 8 June 2020 following over 600 complaints were made concerning racist posts he had shared on Facebook.

Robert Dix
is an Irish sailor. He competed in the 470 event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Christopher C. Davis
was a Black man who lived near Albany, Ohio with his wife and two children. He worked as a farm laborer.

Rhopalum
coarctatum is a Palearctic species of solitary wasp.

Marc Peers
is a Canadian sailor. He competed in the Tornado event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Urania
was a private genderqueer feminist journal, published between 1916 and 1940. Editors included Eva Gore-Booth, Esther Roper, Irene Clyde, Dorothy Cornish, and Jessey Wade.

John B. Wright
was a tailor and legislator in South Carolina during the Reconstruction era. He served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1868 until 1872 representing Charleston.

Abrotanella
fertis is a member of the daisy family and is an endemic species of New Zealand.

Elizabeth E. Hood
is a plant geneticist and the Lipscomb Distinguished Professor of Agriculture at Arkansas State University. In 2018 she was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

Ingrid Bellemans
is a Belgian sailor. She competed in the Europe event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Chen Min-jen
is a Taiwanese engineer and politician. Chen studied nuclear engineering at National Tsing Hua University and completed a doctorate in the subject at Iowa State University in 1983.

Birrwil
railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Birrwil, in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Seetal line of Swiss Federal Railways.

Charles H. Land
was the 51st, 54th, and 56th mayor of Detroit.

Polina Gorshkova
is a Russian handballer for CSKA Moscow and the Russian national team.

Czech-Polish
border is the inter-state border between the Czech Republic and the Republic of Poland. The Czech Republic is one of the seven countries currently bordering Poland.

Benapole Land Port
, is the largest land port of Bangladesh located in Benapole town of Sharsha Upazila in the Jessore District. This port is used to export-import good with India through Benapole-Petrapole border.

Nick Klessing
is a German artistic gymnast. He competed at both the 2018 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships and 2019 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.

Thodraa
is a 2018 Tamil-language drama film directed by debutante Madhuraj and stars Prithvi Rajan and newcomer Veena Nandakumar. The film is directed by Madhuraj, a former assistant of Bhagyaraj.

Paul Breyne
is a Belgian politician who served as Governor of West Flanders between 1997 and 2012. He is a member of Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams.

Saard Panyawan
is a Thai windsurfer. He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Richard Darmanin
is a Puerto Rican sailor. He competed in the Tornado event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Gwambina
Football Club is an association football club from Misungwi, Misungwi District, Mwanza Region in Tanzania. The club was founded when Arusha United was purchased and rebranded by the Manyara Regional Commissioner, Alexander Mnyeti in May 2019.

Mowalola Ogunlesi
is a Nigerian-born fashion designer working and living in London. She is known for working with a wide variety of textiles such as leather and PVC to produce non-traditional silhouettes inspired by Nigerian and London youth culture.

Paul D
. McNicholas is an Irish-Canadian statistician.

Jane Godia
is a Kenyan journalist, editor and trainer. She is the Acting Executive Director of African Gender and Media Initiative Trust and Project Manager for WIN Programme in East and Central Africa.

Pamela Jean Andrews
is a retired New Zealand judge and lawyer. She served on the High Court of New Zealand from 2006 to 2015.

Bruce Alan Lewandowski
, CSsR is an American priest of the Catholic Church and a member of the Redemptorists. He is the auxiliary bishop-elect of the Archdiocese of Baltimore, having been appointed to the position in 2020.

Bychok
and the administrative center of Bychkovskoye Rural Settlement, Petropavlovsky District, Voronezh Oblast, Russia. The population was 972 as of 2010.

Sarlanka
is a village in Rowthulapudi Mandal, East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Sarlanka is located at . India census, Sarlanka had a population of 163, out of which 81 were male and 82 were female.

Ville Kurki
is a Finnish sailor. He competed in the Star event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Danial Scott Crichton
is a Singaporean-Canadian footballer currently playing as a defender for Young Lions.

Deeann Hansel
is an American former professional tennis player. A native of Atlanta, Georgia, Hansel competed on the professional tour during the 1980s, reaching a career high singles ranking of 152 in the world.

Saint Sebastian
Thrown into the Cloaca Maxima is a 1612 oil on canvas painting by Ludovico Carracci, now in the Getty Museum in Los Angeles, which acquired it in 1971. A preparatory drawing survives in the Louvre.

Zhang Boli
.

Nyadol Nyuon
is an Australian lawyer and human rights advocate, who was born in a refugee camp in Ethiopia. She works as a commercial litigator in Melbourne and is a regular media commentator.

Anette Ree Andersen
is a Danish sailor. She competed in the Tornado event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

A. H. Besterwitch
was an Indian politician and trade unionist. He belonged to the Revolutionary Socialist Party.

Busse
was born in Berlin, Germany on December 7, 1868. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Freiburg in 1892.

Herbert Weichert
is a German sailor. He competed in the Star event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Pando Health
is a clinical messaging platform created by Forward Clinical Ltd, based in London. It is named after the Pando.

Holman Prize
has been awarded to adventurous and can do-Spirit blind and low vision people around the world by LightHouse for the Blind and Visually Impaired, USA

Winfried Scharlau
is a German mathematician. Scharlau received his doctorate in 1967 from the University of Bonn.

Khetwadi Vidhan Sabha
seat was one of the seats in Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in India. It was made defunct after constituency map of India was redrawn in 2008.

Gerhard Neukum
was a German planetary scientist who worked on the chronology of solar system bodies. He obtained a Ph.D. in physics at the Heidelberg University.

Liubelia
or Lyubelya of Austria-Hungary.

Daniil Shapko
is a Belarusian professional footballer. As of 2020, he plays for Dinamo Minsk.

Siti Berenee binti Yahaya
is a Malaysian politician and currently serves as Perlis State Executive Councillor.

Landon Montel Turner
is an American former basketball player. He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers and won an NCAA championship as a junior in 1981.

Suraj Bhanu Solanki
is an Indian politician. He was elected to the lower House of Parliament the Lok Sabha from Dhar, Madhya Pradesh as a member of the Indian National Congress.

Conrad Cummings
victory over Andrejs Loginovs at the York Hall in London.

Carlo Mazzone
guided Bologna to the semi-finals of both the UEFA Cup and Coppa Italia, and ensured European qualification again after victory over Inter Milan in the play-offs. He then left for Perugia.

Sapna Ravi Kudchadkar
is an American critical care physician and anesthesiologist. She is an Associate professor of anesthesiology and critical care medicine, pediatrics and physical medicine and rehabilitation at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.

Park Lane
by CMP is a shopping center located West District, Taichung, Taiwan. The shopping center is jointly operated by the CMP Group and Eslite Bookstore.

Gary Boyd
is an Australian sailor. He competed in the 49er event at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Kovanci
is a village located in the Gevgelija Municipality of North Macedonia. According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 177 inhabitants.

Anthony Gargiulo
. He played college football at Dartmouth.

Char Kolmi
is a union territory of Char Fasson Upazila in Bhola district in Bangladesh. The area of Char Kolmi Union is 8,443 acres.

Samuel Wilkins
II was an accuser in the Salem witch trials. He was the son of Henry Wilkins, and thus the grandson of Bray Wilkins and nephew of John Wilkins, two other accusers.

Glushitsy
in Karachunskoye Rural Settlement, Ramonsky District, Voronezh Oblast, Russia. The population was 187 as of 2010.

Francesco Intinacelli
is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Serie B side Ascoli.

William Humberstone
was an English Member of Parliament. He was a Member of the Parliament of England for Leicester in 1377.

Ahlinkar Kyawswar
is an honorary award given to those who have excelled in literature and the arts. From 1949 to 1962, there were about 20 recipients of this award in Myanmar.

Fernando Adolfo Iglesias
is an Argentine journalist, writer, politician, and volleyball player. Currently he is a National Deputy in the Argentine Congress representing the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires.

Hsieh Yu-shu
is a Taiwanese professional golfer. Though he only won two prominent events, the 1988 Indonesia Open and the 1993 Mercuries Taiwan Masters, he was a consistent contender on the Asia Golf Circuit and Asian PGA Tour in the 1980s and 1990s.

Septula Sebogodi
is a South African actor. He is the recipient of two SAFTA Awards.

Denise Lyttle
is an Irish sailor. She competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and 1996 Summer Olympics.

Carlos Rossi
is a Chilean sailor. He competed in the Star event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Thomas Somaster
, DD was a 16th century English priest. Somaster was born at Painsford, Ashprington He was a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.

Durgadas Bauri
was an Indian politician, belonging to the Indian National Congress. He was born on January 15, 1942 in Raghunathpur.

Yoo Jung-ju
and previously led the Korea Animation Industry Association.

Sylvia Montero
is a French former professional tennis player. A right-handed player from Yvelines, Montero won French national titles in junior tennis and was ranked as high as 38 in the world while competing on the ITF Junior Circuit.

Patrick Craig MacLarnon
is an English former first-class cricketer and educator. MacLarnon was born at Nottingham in September 1963.

Gudur Narayan Reddy
is an Indian National Congress leader from Telangana, he is All Indian Congress Committee member and also treasurer of Telangana Pradesh congress committee. He contested in 2019 Telangana MLA quota MLC elections.

Pranjal Yadav
, is an Indian Administrative Services officer who is the Special Secretary at the National Integration Department, Government of Uttar Pradesh. He completed his B.Tech in mechanical engineering from IIT-Roorkey before getting into IAS in 2006.

Laurent Couraire-Delage
is a French sailor. He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

John Haselrigge
was an English politician in the 16th Century. Hare was born in Noseley and was the brother in law of the English jurist, politician and diplomat Bartholomew Clerke.

Salim Touahri
. Touahri amassed a professional mixed martial arts record of 10-1 by fighting mainly within the Polish regional MMA circuit as well as once within Russia before signing for the UFC in October 2017.